Update EIP-191: Improve Comprehensibility (#5804)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-191.md

|    `0x01`    | [712][eip-712] | Structured data
|    `0x45`    | [191][eip-191] | `personal_sign` messages

#### Version `0x00`

```
0x19 <0x00> <intended validator address> <data to sign>
```

The version `0x00` has `<intended validator address>` for the version specific data. In the case of a Multisig wallet that perform an execution based on a passed signature, the validator address is the address of the Multisig itself. The data to sign could be any arbitrary data.

#### Version `0x01`

The version `0x01` is for structured data as defined in [EIP-712]

#### Version `0x45` (E)

```
0x19 <0x45 (E)> <thereum Signed Message:\n" + len(message)> <data to sign>
```

> The version `0x45` (E) has `<thereum Signed Message:\n" + len(message)>` for the version specific data. The data to sign could be any arbitrary data.

Reviewer: So this treats the `E` as the version? I would explicitly mention that the `E` is consumed, and `thereum` is not a typo :P

Author: > So this treats the E as the version?

Exactly, it was confusing that's why i created this PR :)

I would add on the next line.
> NB: The **E** in `Ethereum Signed Message` refers to the version `0x45`. The character `E` is `0x45` in Hex which make the rest: `thereum Signed Message:\n + len(message)` the version specific data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The version `0x45` (E) has `<thereum Signed Message:\n" + len(message)>` for the version-specific data. The data to sign can be any arbitrary data.

> NB: The `E` in `Ethereum Signed Message` refers to the version byte 0x45. The character `E` is `0x45` in hexadecimal which makes the remainder, `thereum Signed Message:\n + len(message)`, the version-specific data.
```

[EIP-191]: ./eip-191.md
[EIP-712]: ./eip-712.md

### Example

The following snippets has been written in Solidity 0.8.0.

#### Version `0x00`

```solidity
function signatureBasedExecution(address target, uint256 nonce, bytes memory payload, bytes memory signature)
    public payable {
        
    // Arguments when calculating hash to validate
    // 1: byte(0x19) - the initial 0x19 byte
    // 2: byte(0) - the version byte
    // 3: address(this) - the validator address
    // 4-6 : Application specific data

    bytes32 hash = keccak256(abi.encodePacked(byte(0x19), byte(0), address(this), msg.value, nonce, payload));

    // recovering the signer from the hash and the signature

>     addressRecovered = ECDSA.recover(hash, signature);

Reviewer: Hm, I'm leery about changing this from plain `ecrecover` to what I assume is supposed to be OZ's. Their implementation has additional restrictions that plain `ecrecover` doesn't have. Changes to final EIPs are supposed to be backwards compatible.

    
    // logic of the wallet

>     if (addressRecovered == owner) executeOnTarget(target,payload);

Reviewer: This is not the minimal change required to fix errata. Since this is a final EIP, we only allow clarifications and correcting errors. The minimal change would likely be just changing the 7 to a 6, unless there's something else I missed.

Author: I see your point @SamWilsn , I will revert the OZ integration and keep plain `ecrecover` but what if the example is not clear ? Just for the sake of backwards compatibility we leave it like this ? (Knowing that no one will use this code snippet)

The name of the function IMO is not perfect, the same for the naming of variables, as it's not a `TransactionPreSigned` or a `transactionHash`, it's a signed message and hash of a signed message. This whole standard was created to find a standard way to differentiate between signed transactions and signed messages and here the naming is super confusing.

Also the example show how to sign but doesn't give info about what's the possibilities when signing the message. It's just like showing someone a fish hook but not teaching them how to start fishing 😄 

I would find a balance between your suggestions and mine like that:
- Reverted the OZ integration
- Made the new logic as a comment just to emphasize on how this signed message could be used
- Made change to the naming of the function and variables

```solidity
function signatureBasedExecution(address target, uint256 nonce, bytes memory payload, uint8 v, bytes32 r, bytes32 s) public payable {
        
    // Arguments when calculating hash to validate
    // 1: byte(0x19) - the initial 0x19 byte
    // 2: byte(0) - the version byte
    // 3: address(this) - the validator address
    // 4-6 : Application specific data

    bytes32 hash = keccak256(abi.encodePacked(byte(0x19), byte(0), address(this), msg.value, nonce, payload));

    // recovering the signer from the hash and the signature
    addressRecovered = ecrecover(hash, v, r, s);
   
    // logic of the wallet
    // if (addressRecovered == owner) executeOnTarget(target, payload);
}
```
Please let me know what do you think 😄 🙏

Reviewer: I think you can go ahead and make this change to the PR. This version is a smaller change.

|    `0x01`    | [712][eip-712] | Structured data
|    `0x45`    | [191][eip-191] | `personal_sign` messages

#### Version `0x00`

```

> 0x19 <0x00> <intended validator address> <data to sign>

Reviewer 3: Wait, I must be missing something here, are we adding the `<0x00> <intended validator address>` to the original EIP-191?

Author: @xinbenlv  The version `0x00` was always there in the standard from the start, but it was not explained very well, and that's the purpose of the PR

```

The version `0x00` has `<intended validator address>` for the version specific data. In the case of a Multisig wallet that perform an execution based on a passed signature, the validator address is the address of the Multisig itself. The data to sign could be any arbitrary data.

#### Version `0x01`

> The version `0x01` is for structured data as defined in [EIP-712]

Reviewer 3: QQ: Should we mention anything about the EIP-712 "domain" besides the "structured data" here?

Author: @xinbenlv  According to @holiman the co-author of the EIP191 standard:
> I'd prefer to leave the definition fully to EIP-712. So simply say:
The version 0x01 is for structured data as defined in [EIP-712](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/pull/eip-712)

|    `0x01`    | [712][eip-712] | Structured data
|    `0x45`    | [191][eip-191] | `personal_sign` messages

#### Version `0x00`

```
0x19 <0x00> <intended validator address> <data to sign>
```

The version `0x00` has `<intended validator address>` for the version specific data. In the case of a Multisig wallet that perform an execution based on a passed signature, the validator address is the address of the Multisig itself. The data to sign could be any arbitrary data.

#### Version `0x01`

```
0x19 <0x01> <domain seperator> <structHash>
```

> The version `0x01` has `<domain seperator>` for the version specific data and `<structHash>` for the data to sign as defined in [EIP712][eip-712].

Reviewer 4: I'd prefer to leave the definition fully to EIP-712. So simply say

> The version `0x01` is for structured data as defined in [EIP-712](eip-712)
